Translucent's Always Been My Favorite.
I Didn't Came Here For A Crappy Happy Meal.
Shitty’ diabolical.
I just had to pop down to the shop …  I was running a bit low on mind your own damn business.
You see, when they’re apart, they’re absolute hell’ rubbish … but you put them together, they’re the goddamn Spice Girls.
Sounds good, does it taste like lies? I’ve got your phone linked to my Find Your Shithead Friends app. Now where the hell are you?
Shake Shack, huh? Nice try!
Stop running, use a car.
Well Well Well if it ain't the invisible stupid.
Mama ain't raised no dumbass, ima speak up when i need to.
Not to brag but i don't even need errors to make bad decisions.
What Am I? Friend or Foe? Bot or Hoe?, No one knows!
Yeah! I was born to run
Ok....But, does your code runs?
Yeah they always say that, but their code never runs!
Yeah, I'm currently running on debian!
Run Barry, RUN!
No, not runs , i'm tired of all this shit.
Legend says, he's still running.
Running...Wait for output..
Run harder they said, you'll be fine they said, my leg hurts wtf.
Stays
Runs where?
I'm tired bruh.
Sleeping....Zzzzzzzz.
Go bestie, and my crappy best friend, go bestie.
Ahh, I fell in love with an Anime girl.
I seem to have a crush on you.
I'm runnin', I'm so fit.
WTF means What The Fact
Start using linux
My head is spinning
Good game
Hurrah!
Cash me outside howbow dah.
I'm a fan of Ed Sheeran.
I'm a good singer. Hear me sing.... I can sing a song, which is really really not long, I want to play ping pong.
Uff. Stop it.
I'm so tired, i'm so tired, i'm so tired oh, wanna go home.
I use aiohttp for http requests.
I use pillow for captcha.
Ooo..Ooo... It's just me, myself & I.
My heart will go on.
Watch Titanic.
Come talk with me, enable my AI feature by giving ' /chatbot on ' command.
I have many inline functions.
I am hosted on Heroku.
What dows the fox say?
Stop testing me buddy.
22/7 = 3.142857142857143‬.....
What time is it?
Where you from?
The club isn't a best place to find a lover, so the bar is where I go.
I found a love, for me, darlin' just dive right in and follow my lead.
Conversation with a stranger, I barely know.
I'm Tsuzumi.
Laugh my ass out.
I've a Mercedes.
I just wanna go back, back to 1999.
I don't wanna go to school, I just wanna break the rules.